fix: typos in accessibility team pages (#571)
hms-dbmi/gehlenborglab-website: _teams/accessibility/accessibility-of-genomics-visualization.md

- Using a collapible tree structure, we allow users to easily navigate long descriptions and decide on their level of details.

> - To showcase its features, we created a [demonstration](https://gosling-lang.github.io/altgosling/) with ten examples, of which five single charts and and five compositve visualizations. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- To showcase its features, we created a [demonstration](https://gosling-lang.github.io/altgosling/) with ten examples, of which five are single charts and five are composite visualizations. 
```
